Update README.md (#26)
BugSwarm/bugswarm: spawner/README.md

	$ sudo usermod -aG $DOCKER_GID bugswarm
	$ sudo su bugswarm
	```
	
#### OR Run Docker Inside Docker
1. Run the container with `--privileged` mode.
	```sh
	$ docker run --privileged -it bugswarm-spawner
	```
1. Start docker daemon and build and run the database container.
	```sh
	$ sudo dockerd &
	$ cd database
	$ docker build -t bugswarm-db .
	$ cd ..
	$ docker run -tid -p 27017:27017 -p 5000:5000 bugswarm-db
	```

### Setting up environment
1. Inside the container, pull the git repository
	```sh
	$ git pull
	```

> 1. Proceed with the database setup and provisioning instructions described [here](https://github.com/BugSwarm/bugswarm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Proceed with the database setup and provisioning instructions described [here](../README.md).
```

Author: Now that we've already made merged the Spawner instructions into the main ones onto the dev repo, I'll move the clarity related changes I made to that branch.
